QuestionID: blogs-01-1
Answer: G20 summit happened annually . A summit meeting named G20 summit started on eventful today .

QuestionID: blogs-01-2
Answer: A summit meeting named G20 summit started on eventful today . G20 summit happened annually .

QuestionID: blogs-01-3
Answer: The police alleviated the people of riot . The police fired a tear gas at the people and fired a bullet at the people , and the people smashed a window .

QuestionID: blogs-01-4
Answer: The police alleviated the people of riot . The people rebelled and created riot .

QuestionID: blogs-01-5
Answer: The people rebelled and created riot . The police fired a tear gas at the people and fired a bullet at the people , and the people smashed a window .

QuestionID: blogs-01-6
Answer: The people rebelled and created riot . The police alleviated the people of riot .

QuestionID: blogs-01-7
Answer: G20 summit happened annually . The people burned a police car and threw a thing at a police .

QuestionID: blogs-01-8
Answer: The people burned a police car and threw a thing at a police . The police alleviated the people of riot .

QuestionID: blogs-01-9
Answer: The people burned a police car and threw a thing at a police . The police fired a tear gas at the people and fired a bullet at the people , and the people smashed a window .

QuestionID: blogs-01-10
Answer: Police were in full riot gear to alleviate the violence . There was a protest that happened along the street where I work and at first it looked peaceful until a bunch of people started rebelling and creating a riot .

QuestionID: blogs-01-11
Answer: Today was the start of the G20 summit . Today was a very eventful work day .

QuestionID: blogs-01-12
Answer: Today was the start of the G20 summit . As things got worse tear gas and bean bag bullets were fired at the rioters while they smash windows of stores .

QuestionID: blogs-01-13
Answer: Today was the start of the G20 summit . Today was a very eventful work day .

QuestionID: blogs-01-14
Answer: The police fired a tear gas at the people and fired a bullet at the people , and the people smashed a window . The people protested peacefully on a street .

QuestionID: blogs-01-15
Answer: As things got worse tear gas and bean bag bullets were fired at the rioters while they smash windows of stores . Today was the start of the G20 summit .

QuestionID: blogs-01-16
Answer: The people protested peacefully on a street . The police alleviated the people of riot .

QuestionID: blogs-01-17
Answer: The people protested peacefully on a street . The police alleviated the people of riot .

QuestionID: blogs-01-18
Answer: Police were in full riot gear to alleviate the violence . Police cars were burned and things were thrown at cops .

QuestionID: blogs-01-19
Answer: The police fired tear gas people fired bullet people , people smashed window .

QuestionID: blogs-01-20
Answer: The people rebelled created riot .

QuestionID: blogs-01-21
Answer: The police fired tear gas people fired bullet people , people smashed window .

QuestionID: blogs-01-22
Answer: The people rebelled created riot .

QuestionID: blogs-01-23
Answer: The police fired tear gas people fired bullet people , people smashed window .

QuestionID: blogs-01-24
Answer: The police fired tear gas people fired bullet people , people smashed window .

QuestionID: blogs-01-25
Answer: There was a protest that happened along the street where I work and at first it looked peaceful until a bunch of people started rebelling and creating a riot . And this all happened right in front of my store which was kind of scary but it was kind of interesting since I 've never seen a riot before .

QuestionID: blogs-01-26
Answer: There was a protest that happened along the street where I work and at first it looked peaceful until a bunch of people started rebelling and creating a riot . Since there are so many leaders coming together their are going to be a lot of people who have different views on how to run the government they follow so they protest .

QuestionID: blogs-01-27
Answer: It happens every year and it is where 20 of the leaders of the world come together to talk about how to run their governments effectively and what not . Since there are so many leaders coming together their are going to be a lot of people who have different views on how to run the government they follow so they protest .

QuestionID: blogs-01-28
Answer: It happens every year and it is where 20 of the leaders of the world come together to talk about how to run their governments effectively and what not . Since there are so many leaders coming together their are going to be a lot of people who have different views on how to run the government they follow so they protest .

QuestionID: blogs-01-29
Answer: It happens every year and it is where 20 of the leaders of the world come together to talk about how to run their governments effectively and what not . Since there are so many leaders coming together their are going to be a lot of people who have different views on how to run the government they follow so they protest .

QuestionID: blogs-01-30
Answer: A world many leader came talked running government .

QuestionID: blogs-01-31
Answer: The police fired tear gas people fired bullet people , people smashed window .

QuestionID: blogs-01-32
Answer: A people protested disagreed view .

QuestionID: blogs-01-33
Answer: The police alleviated people riot .

QuestionID: blogs-01-34
Answer: The police alleviated people riot .

QuestionID: blogs-01-35
Answer: A summit meeting named G20 summit started eventful today .

QuestionID: blogs-01-36
Answer: The police alleviated people riot .

QuestionID: blogs-02-1
Answer: The young man died on the spot of the yard of the narrator . The narrator began to wonder that the flash was an orb

QuestionID: blogs-02-2
Answer: The narrator stayed with the young man and did n't aid him because the young man had broken the neck of the young man . The young man died on the spot of the yard of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-02-3
Answer: Later , when I was visiting the place where he died , I decided to talk to him as if he were still there because I wanted him to know how bad I felt that I couldnt help him . Not the first weird experience ive had .

QuestionID: blogs-02-4
Answer: The narrator later went back to the spot of the yard of the narrator and decided to talk to the young man because it wanted the young man to know the narrator regretting that it had not aided him . The narrator thought for the brother of the narrator to use the flashlight of the brother of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-02-5
Answer: The narrator thought for the brother of the narrator to use the flashlight of the brother of the narrator . The young man died on the spot of the yard of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-02-6
Answer: The narrator thought for the brother of the narrator to use the flashlight of the brother of the narrator . The young man died on the spot of the yard of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-02-7
Answer: I was with him in his last moments but there was nothing I could do because he was badly injured with a broken neck . Later , when I was visiting the place where he died , I decided to talk to him as if he were still there because I wanted him to know how bad I felt that I couldnt help him .

QuestionID: blogs-02-8
Answer: A young man long ago crashed the motorbike of the young man on the front yard of a narrator and broke the neck of the young man . The narrator began to wonder that the flash was an orb

QuestionID: blogs-02-9
Answer: The narrator stayed with the young man and did n't aid him because the young man had broken the neck of the young man . A young man long ago crashed the motorbike of the young man on the front yard of a narrator and broke the neck of the young man .

QuestionID: blogs-02-10
Answer: The narrator began to wonder that the flash was an orb The narrator thought for the brother of the narrator to use the flashlight of the brother of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-02-11
Answer: The narrator thought for the brother of the narrator to use the flashlight of the brother of the narrator . The young man died on the spot of the yard of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-02-12
Answer: The narrator saw some bright flash in a group of trees that was above the narrator . The narrator entered the house of the narrator and heard that the asleep family of the narrator was asleep .

QuestionID: blogs-02-13
Answer: A few years ago , a young man died out on my front lawn when he crashed his motorbike . Not the first weird experience ive had .

QuestionID: blogs-02-14
Answer: The narrator stayed with the young man and did n't aid him because the young man had broken the neck of the young man . A young man long ago crashed the motorbike of the young man on the front yard of a narrator and broke the neck of the young man .

QuestionID: blogs-02-15
Answer: A young man long ago crashed the motorbike of the young man on the front yard of a narrator and broke the neck of the young man . The narrator stayed with the young man and did n't aid him because the young man had broken the neck of the young man .

QuestionID: blogs-02-16
Answer: The narrator later went back to the spot of the yard of the narrator and decided to talk to the young man because it wanted the young man to know the narrator regretting that it had not aided him . The young man died on the spot of the yard of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-02-17
Answer: The narrator thought brother narrator use flashlight brother narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-02-18
Answer: The narrator began wonder flash orb

QuestionID: blogs-02-19
Answer: The narrator entered house narrator heard asleep family narrator asleep .

QuestionID: blogs-02-20
Answer: The narrator thought brother narrator use flashlight brother narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-02-21
Answer: I was with him in his last moments but there was nothing I could do because he was badly injured with a broken neck . Later , when I was visiting the place where he died , I decided to talk to him as if he were still there because I wanted him to know how bad I felt that I couldnt help him .

QuestionID: blogs-02-22
Answer: I was with him in his last moments but there was nothing I could do because he was badly injured with a broken neck . Later , when I was visiting the place where he died , I decided to talk to him as if he were still there because I wanted him to know how bad I felt that I couldnt help him .

QuestionID: blogs-02-23
Answer: Later , when I was visiting the place where he died , I decided to talk to him as if he were still there because I wanted him to know how bad I felt that I couldnt help him . Not the first weird experience ive had .

QuestionID: blogs-02-24
Answer: The narrator stayed with the young man and did n't aid him because the young man had broken the neck of the young man . The narrator thought for the brother of the narrator to use the flashlight of the brother of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-02-25
Answer: The narrator began to wonder that the flash was an orb The narrator entered the house of the narrator and heard that the asleep family of the narrator was asleep .

QuestionID: blogs-02-26
Answer: The narrator stayed young n't aid young broken neck young .

QuestionID: blogs-02-27
Answer: The narrator stayed young n't aid young broken neck young .

QuestionID: blogs-02-28
Answer: The narrator stayed young n't aid young broken neck young .

QuestionID: blogs-03-1
Answer: Louisiana was adversely affected by Hurricane Gustav . Since I live about 60 miles from the coast , I was n't expecting too much damage .

QuestionID: blogs-03-2
Answer: The storm rolled in on Monday , September 1 , in the morning . Here 's what happened to me and my family : We watched the storm moving in all of last weekend on the Weather Channel and local news .

QuestionID: blogs-03-3
Answer: Winds started kicking up . I started to get nervous at that point because I have numerous trees near my home and I was concerned that if those fell , it would cause serious damage to my home and perhaps to my family .

QuestionID: blogs-03-4
Answer: President Bush came to Baton Rouge yesterday to assess the damage . I 've added information to the left hand side of my blog where you can assist the hurricane relief .

QuestionID: blogs-03-5
Answer: Once , storm was occurring in Louisiana . The parent of the narrator had electricity .

QuestionID: blogs-03-6
Answer: The narrator went back to a store named Home Depot in order to purchase a portable generator . The group of trees did n't fall on the house of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-03-7
Answer: An area of a neighborhood of the narrator had a large group of pine trees and had a group of oak trees . The group of trees did n't fall on the house of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-03-8
Answer: The generator did n't begin to be working . The group of trees did n't fall on the house of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-03-9
Answer: The narrator brought the family of the narrator to the house of the parent of the narrator . The group of trees did n't fall on the house of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-03-10
Answer: The narrator filled a group of cars and filled the container of some gasoline . The group of power lines began to be down over a city , and the fourth tree began to be down over the city .

QuestionID: blogs-03-11
Answer: An area of a neighborhood of the narrator had a large group of pine trees and had a group of oak trees . The group of trees began to be falling .

QuestionID: blogs-03-12
Answer: The tree split apart and fell on the yard of a neighbor . The first tree fell onto a RV of the neighbor , and the narrator looked through the window of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-03-13
Answer: The narrator stood up on a patio and watched a large tree . An area of a neighborhood of the narrator had a large group of pine trees and had a group of oak trees .

QuestionID: blogs-03-14
Answer: The group of trees did n't fall on the house of the narrator . The first tree fell onto a RV of the neighbor , and the narrator looked through the window of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-03-15
Answer: My wife , our five children , and our dog , stayed in an area of the home where we felt safest . We were told our area would get winds of about 50mph .

QuestionID: blogs-03-16
Answer: The group power lines began city , fourth tree began city .

QuestionID: blogs-03-17
Answer: Once , storm occurring Louisiana .

QuestionID: blogs-03-18
Answer: The generator n't begin working .

QuestionID: blogs-03-19
Answer: Once , storm occurring Louisiana .

QuestionID: blogs-03-20
Answer: The narrator filled group cars filled container gasoline .

QuestionID: blogs-03-21
Answer: Here 's what happened to me and my family : We watched the storm moving in all of last weekend on the Weather Channel and local news . There are downed trees and power lines all over the city .

QuestionID: blogs-03-22
Answer: The storm rolled in on Monday , September 1 , in the morning . Thankfully , my parents ' house had electricity restored the day after the storm so I was able to bring my family to their house until electricity at my house gets restored .

QuestionID: blogs-03-23
Answer: The group of trees did n't fall on the house of the narrator . The first tree fell onto a RV of the neighbor , and the narrator looked through the window of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-03-24
Answer: The group of trees did n't fall on the house of the narrator . The narrator did n't have electricity because a group of power lines was down .

QuestionID: blogs-03-25
Answer: The group of trees did n't fall on the house of the narrator . The tree split apart and fell on the yard of a neighbor .

QuestionID: blogs-03-26
Answer: The narrator stood up on a patio and watched a large tree . An area of a neighborhood of the narrator had a large group of pine trees and had a group of oak trees .

QuestionID: blogs-03-27
Answer: The narrator stood patio watched large tree .

QuestionID: blogs-03-28
Answer: A fourth ( # 2 ) tree fell lawn mower .

QuestionID: blogs-03-29
Answer: The narrator filled group cars filled container gasoline .

QuestionID: blogs-03-30
Answer: The narrator filled group cars filled container gasoline .

QuestionID: blogs-03-31
Answer: The tree split apart fell yard neighbor .

QuestionID: blogs-03-32
Answer: President Bush came Baton Rouge order assess Baton Rouge .

QuestionID: blogs-04-1
Answer: The squirrel approached the bowl . The birds bathed themselves in the bowl .

QuestionID: blogs-04-2
Answer: The squirrel fell over the deck 's railing because the squirrel leaped because the squirrel was startled . The squirrel 's paw slipped off the deck 's railing .

QuestionID: blogs-04-3
Answer: The squirrel 's paw slipped off the deck 's railing . The squirrel held the deck 's railing with the squirrel 's paw .

QuestionID: blogs-04-4
Answer: The birds bathed themselves in the bowl . The birds organized themselves on the deck 's railing in order for the birds to wait .

QuestionID: blogs-04-5
Answer: Squirrels also come to drink out of it . Throughout the day , many birds drink out of it and bathe in it .

QuestionID: blogs-04-6
Answer: But not quite , I saw his one little paw hanging on ! After a moment or two his paw slipped and he tumbled down a few feet .

QuestionID: blogs-04-7
Answer: This is one of those times I wish I had a digital camera . But not quite , I saw his one little paw hanging on !

QuestionID: blogs-04-8
Answer: Throughout the day , many birds drink out of it and bathe in it . Squirrels also come to drink out of it .

QuestionID: blogs-04-9
Answer: The birds literally line up on the railing and wait their turn . Throughout the day , many birds drink out of it and bathe in it .

QuestionID: blogs-04-10
Answer: The narrator placed the bowl on the deck in order for Benjamin to drink the bowl 's water . The squirrel approached the bowl .

QuestionID: blogs-04-11
Answer: The squirrel fell . The squirrel was startled .

QuestionID: blogs-04-12
Answer: The narrator placed the bowl on the deck in order for Benjamin to drink the bowl 's water . The squirrel approached the bowl .

QuestionID: blogs-04-13
Answer: The birds bathed themselves in the bowl . The birds drank the bowl 's water .

QuestionID: blogs-04-14
Answer: We keep a large stainless steel bowl of water outside on the back deck for Benjamin to drink out of when he 's playing outside . He was startled so much at one point that he leap in the air and fell off the deck .

QuestionID: blogs-04-15
Answer: The birds bathed bowl .

QuestionID: blogs-04-16
Answer: The squirrel 's paw slipped deck 's railing .

QuestionID: blogs-04-17
Answer: His bowl has become a very popular site . But oh , if you could have seen the look on his startled face and how he jumped back each time he caught his reflection in the bowl !

QuestionID: blogs-04-18
Answer: But oh , if you could have seen the look on his startled face and how he jumped back each time he caught his reflection in the bowl ! After a moment or two his paw slipped and he tumbled down a few feet .

QuestionID: blogs-04-19
Answer: But not quite , I saw his one little paw hanging on ! After a moment or two his paw slipped and he tumbled down a few feet .

QuestionID: blogs-04-20
Answer: The narrator placed bowl deck order Benjamin drink bowl 's water .

QuestionID: blogs-04-21
Answer: The squirrel fell .

QuestionID: blogs-05-1
Answer: The narrator was teaching the group of students language . There once was a group of students and a narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-05-2
Answer: The narrator glanced around the group of students . The narrator was teaching the group of students language .

QuestionID: blogs-05-3
Answer: The narrator noticed that the ankle of the narrator was observed . The narrator nervously looked toward the ankle of the narrator and observed that the slip had fallen because the elastic of the slip was dysfunctional .

QuestionID: blogs-05-4
Answer: The narrator feigned bewilderment . The narrator noticed that the ankle of the narrator was observed .

QuestionID: blogs-05-5
Answer: The narrator glanced around the group of students . The narrator was teaching the group of students language .

QuestionID: blogs-05-6
Answer: The narrator feigned bewilderment . The narrator noticed that the ankle of the narrator was observed .

QuestionID: blogs-05-7
Answer: Nervously I looked down to see that my underslip had somehow made its way to the floor . `` We looked at the teacher 's underwear . ''

QuestionID: blogs-05-8
Answer: Just thought I would share with you one of my most embarassing moments as a teacher to date . Elastic gone What to do ?

QuestionID: blogs-05-9
Answer: Elastic gone What to do ? Nervously I looked down to see that my underslip had somehow made its way to the floor .

QuestionID: blogs-05-10
Answer: The narrator resumed teaching , and the group of students did n't react . The narrator feigned bewilderment .

QuestionID: blogs-05-11
Answer: The narrator carefully stepped over the slip . The narrator resumed teaching , and the group of students did n't react .

QuestionID: blogs-05-12
Answer: The narrator feigned bewilderment . The narrator later feared for the group of students to tell a parent of the group of students that the group of students had seen that the slip had fallen because the elastic of the slip was dysfunctional .

QuestionID: blogs-05-13
Answer: There once was a group of students and a narrator . The narrator noticed that the ankle of the narrator was observed .

QuestionID: blogs-05-14
Answer: `` So Ahmed , what did you do in school today ? '' `` We looked at the teacher 's underwear . ''

QuestionID: blogs-05-15
Answer: No one , strangely , batted an eyelid . `` We looked at the teacher 's underwear . ''

QuestionID: blogs-05-16
Answer: The narrator noticed ankle narrator observed .

QuestionID: blogs-05-17
Answer: The narrator carefully stepped slip .

QuestionID: blogs-05-18
Answer: The narrator resumed teaching , and the group of students did n't react . The narrator feigned bewilderment .

QuestionID: blogs-05-19
Answer: The narrator resumed teaching , and the group of students did n't react . The narrator feigned bewilderment .

QuestionID: blogs-05-20
Answer: There group students narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-06-1
Answer: An oven broke because the broiler of the oven activated . The husband of the narrator opened the door of the oven .

QuestionID: blogs-06-2
Answer: An oven broke because the broiler of the oven activated . The husband of the narrator opened the door of the oven .

QuestionID: blogs-06-3
Answer: The husband of the narrator unsuccessfully tried to eliminate the fire . The fire ascended to the ceiling of the house .

QuestionID: blogs-06-4
Answer: The husband of the narrator opened the door of the oven . The husband of the narrator quickly shut the door of the oven in order to prevent the fire spreading .

QuestionID: blogs-06-5
Answer: A couple of weeks ago we had a fire in our old oven/range . Luckily the fire extinguisher worked but our stove was toast .

QuestionID: blogs-06-6
Answer: The oven malfunctioned ... it was supposed to be baking at 350 degrees but somehow broiler came on and got stuck ? ? ... Ca n't wait to have a real range again .

QuestionID: blogs-06-7
Answer: I ran and got a fire extinguisher . He opened the oven door and the flames shot all the way up to the ceiling ! ! !

QuestionID: blogs-06-8
Answer: Luckily the fire extinguisher worked but our stove was toast . The oven malfunctioned ... it was supposed to be baking at 350 degrees but somehow broiler came on and got stuck ? ? ...

QuestionID: blogs-06-9
Answer: Since then we have been using a plug-in burner , griddle , and counter top oven . Ca n't wait to have a real range again .

QuestionID: blogs-06-10
Answer: An oven broke because the broiler of the oven activated . The narrator ordered a new second oven .

QuestionID: blogs-06-11
Answer: The fire did n't damage the group of things of the house . The fire ascended to the ceiling of the house .

QuestionID: blogs-06-12
Answer: The fire ascended to the ceiling of the house . The narrator began to be excited because she had ordered the second oven .

QuestionID: blogs-06-13
Answer: The house aired , and the husband of the narrator and the narrator cleaned the house in order for the house to be normal . The husband of the narrator quickly shut the door of the oven in order to prevent the fire spreading .

QuestionID: blogs-06-14
Answer: Luckily the fire extinguisher worked but our stove was toast . So excited about my new range I ordered a few days ago .

QuestionID: blogs-06-15
Answer: my husband went to get a batch of cookies and found them in flames . He opened the oven door and the flames shot all the way up to the ceiling ! ! !

QuestionID: blogs-06-16
Answer: The fire n't damage group things house .

QuestionID: blogs-06-17
Answer: The husband narrator unsuccessfully tried eliminate fire .

QuestionID: blogs-06-18
Answer: An oven broke broiler oven activated .

QuestionID: blogs-06-19
Answer: So excited about my new range I ordered a few days ago . Nothing got damaged besides the range but it took days of airing the house out and cleaning before things were 100 % back to normal .

QuestionID: blogs-06-20
Answer: Nothing got damaged besides the range but it took days of airing the house out and cleaning before things were 100 % back to normal . Ca n't wait to have a real range again .

QuestionID: blogs-06-21
Answer: The husband narrator unsuccessfully tried eliminate fire .

QuestionID: blogs-06-22
Answer: The house aired , husband narrator narrator cleaned house order house normal .

QuestionID: blogs-07-1
Answer: So now there 's a five-limbed insect lurking in the apartment , no doubt looking for some vengeance against me . All except for the biggest one .

QuestionID: blogs-07-2
Answer: I did n't notice them until the middle of the night , when I saw them clinging to the ceiling . I only clipped that one , taking off one of its limbs .

QuestionID: blogs-07-3
Answer: Since I 'm such a bugaphobe , I grabbed the closest object within reach , and with a rolled-up comic book I smote mine enemies and smeared their greasy bug guts . I did n't notice them until the middle of the night , when I saw them clinging to the ceiling .

QuestionID: blogs-07-4
Answer: A group of bugs entered the apartment of the narrator . The narrator did n't initially notice that the group of bugs had entered the apartment of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-07-5
Answer: A narrator recently and momentarily opened the door of the patio of the narrator . The narrator slept .

QuestionID: blogs-07-6
Answer: The narrator began to hit the group of bugs with the comic book . The group of bugs began to be the enemy of the narrator , and the narrator grabbed a reachable and close thing that was a rolled comic book because the group of bugs scared her .

QuestionID: blogs-07-7
Answer: The group of bugs began to be the enemy of the narrator , and the narrator grabbed a reachable and close thing that was a rolled comic book because the group of bugs scared her . The narrator did n't initially notice that the group of bugs had entered the apartment of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-07-8
Answer: The narrator stopped hitting the group of bugs , and the fatty of the group of bugs began to be a three-legged insect and escaped her . The narrator began to hit the group of bugs with the comic book .

QuestionID: blogs-07-9
Answer: The narrator slept . The narrator did n't initially notice that the group of bugs had entered the apartment of the narrator .

QuestionID: blogs-07-10
Answer: Every action of the story of the narrator happened notably , and a group of cicadas did n't even and yet arrive to the apartment of the narrator . A group of bugs entered the apartment of the narrator .

QuestionID: fables-01-1
Answer: The Crow was hugely flattered by this , and just to show the Fox that she could sing she gave a loud caw . A Crow was sitting on a branch of a tree with a piece of cheese in her beak when a Fox observed her and set his wits to work to discover some way of getting the cheese .

QuestionID: fables-01-2
Answer: Her beauty is without equal , the hue of her plumage exquisite . Down came the cheese , of course , and the Fox , snatching it up , said , `` You have a voice , madam , I see : what you want is wits . ''

QuestionID: fables-01-3
Answer: Her beauty is without equal , the hue of her plumage exquisite . If only her voice is as sweet as her looks are fair , she ought without doubt to be Queen of the Birds . ''

QuestionID: fables-01-4
Answer: A fox observed the crow and tried to discover how to get the cheese . The fox came and stood under the tree .

QuestionID: fables-01-5
Answer: Some cheese was in the beak of the crow . The fox snatched the cheese , said that the crow was able to sing and the fox said that the crow needed wits .

QuestionID: fables-01-6
Answer: Some cheese was in the beak of the crow . There once was a crow .

QuestionID: fables-01-7
Answer: The crow felt that the fox had flattered her and cawed loudly in order for she to show him that she was able to sing . Some cheese was in the beak of the crow .

QuestionID: fables-01-8
Answer: There once was a crow . Some cheese was in the beak of the crow .

QuestionID: fables-01-9
Answer: Some cheese was in the beak of the crow . The fox snatched the cheese , said that the crow was able to sing and the fox said that the crow needed wits .

QuestionID: fables-01-10
Answer: Down came the cheese , of course , and the Fox , snatching it up , said , `` You have a voice , madam , I see : what you want is wits . '' A Crow was sitting on a branch of a tree with a piece of cheese in her beak when a Fox observed her and set his wits to work to discover some way of getting the cheese .

QuestionID: fables-01-11
Answer: A fox observed the crow and tried to discover how to get the cheese . The cheese fell .

QuestionID: fables-01-12
Answer: The fox said that the beauty of the bird was incomparable . The fox came and stood under the tree .

QuestionID: fables-01-13
Answer: There once was a crow . Some cheese was in the beak of the crow .

QuestionID: fables-01-14
Answer: The fox came stood tree .

QuestionID: fables-01-15
Answer: The fox looked toward crow said saw noble bird .

QuestionID: fables-01-16
Answer: The fox snatched cheese , said crow able sing fox said crow needed wits .

QuestionID: fables-01-17
Answer: The crow sitting branch tree .

QuestionID: fables-01-18
Answer: The cheese fell .

QuestionID: fables-01-19
Answer: There once was a crow . Some cheese was in the beak of the crow .

QuestionID: fables-01-20
Answer: Her beauty is without equal , the hue of her plumage exquisite . Down came the cheese , of course , and the Fox , snatching it up , said , `` You have a voice , madam , I see : what you want is wits . ''

QuestionID: fables-01-21
Answer: Coming and standing under the tree he looked up and said , `` What a noble bird I see above me ! Down came the cheese , of course , and the Fox , snatching it up , said , `` You have a voice , madam , I see : what you want is wits . ''

QuestionID: fables-01-22
Answer: The fox said that the hue of the plumage of the bird was exquisite . The fox came and stood under the tree .

QuestionID: fables-01-23
Answer: The Crow hugely flattered , show Fox could sing gave loud caw .

QuestionID: fables-02-1
Answer: A Lion watched a fat Bull feeding in a meadow , and his mouth watered when he thought of the royal feast he would make , but he did not dare to attack him , for he was afraid of his sharp horns . The Bull was foolish enough to be persuaded by this flattery to have his horns cut off ; and , having now lost his only means of defense , fell an easy prey to the Lion .

QuestionID: fables-02-2
Answer: The Bull was foolish enough to be persuaded by this flattery to have his horns cut off ; and , having now lost his only means of defense , fell an easy prey to the Lion . A Lion watched a fat Bull feeding in a meadow , and his mouth watered when he thought of the royal feast he would make , but he did not dare to attack him , for he was afraid of his sharp horns .

QuestionID: fables-02-3
Answer: There once was a fat bull . The bull was grazing in a meadow .

QuestionID: fables-02-4
Answer: There once was a fat bull . The bull was grazing in a meadow .

QuestionID: fables-02-5
Answer: A lion watched the bull and salivated because the lion wanted to eat the bull . The lion ate the bull , and the bull began to be defenseless .

QuestionID: fables-02-6
Answer: The lion did n't attack the bull because the lion feared sharp every horn of the bull . A lion watched the bull and salivated because the lion wanted to eat the bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-7
Answer: But , my dear friend , what in the world makes you wear those ugly horns ? Going up to the Bull in friendly fashion , he said to him , `` I can not help saying how much I admire your magnificent figure .

QuestionID: fables-02-8
Answer: The Bull was foolish enough to be persuaded by this flattery to have his horns cut off ; and , having now lost his only means of defense , fell an easy prey to the Lion . A Lion watched a fat Bull feeding in a meadow , and his mouth watered when he thought of the royal feast he would make , but he did not dare to attack him , for he was afraid of his sharp horns .

QuestionID: fables-02-9
Answer: The lion did n't attack the bull because the lion feared sharp every horn of the bull . A lion watched the bull and salivated because the lion wanted to eat the bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-10
Answer: The lion did n't attack the bull because the lion feared sharp every horn of the bull . A lion watched the bull and salivated because the lion wanted to eat the bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-11
Answer: The lion did n't attack the bull because the lion feared sharp every horn of the bull . A lion watched the bull and salivated because the lion wanted to eat the bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-12
Answer: But , my dear friend , what in the world makes you wear those ugly horns ? The Bull was foolish enough to be persuaded by this flattery to have his horns cut off ; and , having now lost his only means of defense , fell an easy prey to the Lion .

QuestionID: fables-02-13
Answer: A lion watched the bull and salivated because the lion wanted to eat the bull . The lion ate the bull , and the bull began to be defenseless .

QuestionID: fables-02-14
Answer: The lion did n't attack the bull because the lion feared sharp every horn of the bull . The lion ate the bull , and the bull began to be defenseless .

QuestionID: fables-02-15
Answer: The lion did n't attack the bull because the lion feared sharp every horn of the bull . The lion ate the bull , and the bull began to be defenseless .

QuestionID: fables-02-16
Answer: The lion did n't attack the bull because the lion feared sharp every horn of the bull . The lion succeeded in persuading the bull to remove every horn of the bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-17
Answer: The lion did n't attack the bull because the lion feared sharp every horn of the bull . The lion ate the bull , and the bull began to be defenseless .

QuestionID: fables-02-18
Answer: The lion succeeded in persuading the bull to remove every horn of the bull . The lion advised the bull to remove every horn of the bull because every horn of the bull was ugly .

QuestionID: fables-02-19
Answer: A lion watched bull salivated lion wanted eat bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-20
Answer: The lion succeeded persuading bull remove every horn bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-21
Answer: A lion watched bull salivated lion wanted eat bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-22
Answer: A lion watched bull salivated lion wanted eat bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-23
Answer: The lion planned trick bull lion n't able fight bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-24
Answer: A Lion watched a fat Bull feeding in a meadow , and his mouth watered when he thought of the royal feast he would make , but he did not dare to attack him , for he was afraid of his sharp horns . Hunger , however , presently compelled him to do something : and as the use of force did not promise success , he determined to resort to artifice .

QuestionID: fables-02-25
Answer: The Bull was foolish enough to be persuaded by this flattery to have his horns cut off ; and , having now lost his only means of defense , fell an easy prey to the Lion . A Lion watched a fat Bull feeding in a meadow , and his mouth watered when he thought of the royal feast he would make , but he did not dare to attack him , for he was afraid of his sharp horns .

QuestionID: fables-02-26
Answer: The bull was grazing in a meadow . There once was a fat bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-27
Answer: Going up to the Bull in friendly fashion , he said to him , `` I can not help saying how much I admire your magnificent figure . The Bull was foolish enough to be persuaded by this flattery to have his horns cut off ; and , having now lost his only means of defense , fell an easy prey to the Lion .

QuestionID: fables-02-28
Answer: The Bull was foolish enough to be persuaded by this flattery to have his horns cut off ; and , having now lost his only means of defense , fell an easy prey to the Lion . A Lion watched a fat Bull feeding in a meadow , and his mouth watered when he thought of the royal feast he would make , but he did not dare to attack him , for he was afraid of his sharp horns .

QuestionID: fables-02-29
Answer: What powerful shoulders and thighs ! The Bull was foolish enough to be persuaded by this flattery to have his horns cut off ; and , having now lost his only means of defense , fell an easy prey to the Lion .

QuestionID: fables-02-30
Answer: The bull was grazing in a meadow . There once was a fat bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-31
Answer: A lion watched bull salivated lion wanted eat bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-32
Answer: The lion planned trick bull lion n't able fight bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-33
Answer: The lion planned trick bull lion n't able fight bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-34
Answer: The bull grazing meadow .

QuestionID: fables-02-35
Answer: A lion watched bull salivated lion wanted eat bull .

QuestionID: fables-02-36
Answer: The lion planned trick bull lion n't able fight bull .

QuestionID: fables-03-1
Answer: In revenge the Serpent spat some of his poison into the man 's drinking-horn . An Eagle swooped down upon a Serpent and seized it in his talons with the intention of carrying it off and devouring it .

QuestionID: fables-03-2
Answer: An Eagle swooped down upon a Serpent and seized it in his talons with the intention of carrying it off and devouring it . Heated with his exertions , the man was about to slake his thirst with a draught from the horn , when the Eagle knocked it out of his hand , and spilled its contents upon the ground .

QuestionID: fables-03-3
Answer: An Eagle swooped down upon a Serpent and seized it in his talons with the intention of carrying it off and devouring it . Heated with his exertions , the man was about to slake his thirst with a draught from the horn , when the Eagle knocked it out of his hand , and spilled its contents upon the ground .

QuestionID: fables-03-4
Answer: A countryman , who was a witness of the encounter , came to the assistance of the Eagle , and succeeded in freeing him from the Serpent and enabling him to escape . In revenge the Serpent spat some of his poison into the man 's drinking-horn .

QuestionID: fables-03-5
Answer: The serpent spat some poison in the drinking vessel . The eagle spilled the drinking vessel .

QuestionID: fables-03-6
Answer: The serpent spat some poison in the drinking vessel . The eagle escaped , and the countryman freed the eagle from the serpent .

QuestionID: fables-03-7
Answer: The eagle escaped , and the countryman freed the eagle from the serpent . The countryman decided to sip from the drinking vessel .

QuestionID: fables-03-8
Answer: The eagle spilled the drinking vessel . The countryman decided to sip from the drinking vessel .

QuestionID: fables-03-9
Answer: The eagle escaped , and the countryman freed the eagle from the serpent . A countryman who owned a drinking vessel tried to help the eagle to escape .

QuestionID: fables-03-10
Answer: Heated with his exertions , the man was about to slake his thirst with a draught from the horn , when the Eagle knocked it out of his hand , and spilled its contents upon the ground . In revenge the Serpent spat some of his poison into the man 's drinking-horn .

QuestionID: fables-03-11
Answer: Heated with his exertions , the man was about to slake his thirst with a draught from the horn , when the Eagle knocked it out of his hand , and spilled its contents upon the ground . A countryman , who was a witness of the encounter , came to the assistance of the Eagle , and succeeded in freeing him from the Serpent and enabling him to escape .

QuestionID: fables-03-12
Answer: In revenge the Serpent spat some of his poison into the man 's drinking-horn . But the Serpent was too quick for him and had its coils round him in a moment ; and then there ensued a life-and-death struggle between the two .

QuestionID: fables-03-13
Answer: An Eagle swooped down upon a Serpent and seized it in his talons with the intention of carrying it off and devouring it . Heated with his exertions , the man was about to slake his thirst with a draught from the horn , when the Eagle knocked it out of his hand , and spilled its contents upon the ground .

QuestionID: fables-03-14
Answer: The eagle spilled the drinking vessel . The countryman decided to sip from the drinking vessel .

QuestionID: fables-03-15
Answer: A countryman , who was a witness of the encounter , came to the assistance of the Eagle , and succeeded in freeing him from the Serpent and enabling him to escape . But the Serpent was too quick for him and had its coils round him in a moment ; and then there ensued a life-and-death struggle between the two .

QuestionID: fables-03-16
Answer: A countryman , who was a witness of the encounter , came to the assistance of the Eagle , and succeeded in freeing him from the Serpent and enabling him to escape . Heated with his exertions , the man was about to slake his thirst with a draught from the horn , when the Eagle knocked it out of his hand , and spilled its contents upon the ground .

QuestionID: fables-03-17
Answer: The countryman decided to sip from the drinking vessel . The eagle escaped , and the countryman freed the eagle from the serpent .

QuestionID: fables-03-18
Answer: A countryman , who was a witness of the encounter , came to the assistance of the Eagle , and succeeded in freeing him from the Serpent and enabling him to escape . Heated with his exertions , the man was about to slake his thirst with a draught from the horn , when the Eagle knocked it out of his hand , and spilled its contents upon the ground .

QuestionID: fables-03-19
Answer: The eagle escaped , and the countryman freed the eagle from the serpent . A countryman who owned a drinking vessel tried to help the eagle to escape .

QuestionID: fables-03-20
Answer: The eagle spilled the drinking vessel . The countryman decided to sip from the drinking vessel .

QuestionID: fables-03-21
Answer: Heated with his exertions , the man was about to slake his thirst with a draught from the horn , when the Eagle knocked it out of his hand , and spilled its contents upon the ground . In revenge the Serpent spat some of his poison into the man 's drinking-horn .

QuestionID: fables-03-22
Answer: An eagle swooped toward serpent seized order devour .

QuestionID: fables-03-23
Answer: An eagle swooped toward serpent seized order devour .

QuestionID: fables-03-24
Answer: The eagle fought serpent , serpent coiled around .

QuestionID: fables-03-25
Answer: The eagle fought serpent , serpent coiled around .

QuestionID: fables-03-26
Answer: A countryman owned drinking vessel tried help eagle escape .

QuestionID: fables-03-27
Answer: The serpent spat poison drinking vessel .

QuestionID: fables-03-28
Answer: The eagle escaped , countryman freed eagle serpent .

QuestionID: fables-03-29
Answer: The eagle fought serpent , serpent coiled around .

QuestionID: fables-03-30
Answer: The countryman decided sip drinking vessel .

QuestionID: fables-03-31
Answer: The eagle spilled drinking vessel .

QuestionID: fables-03-32
Answer: An eagle swooped toward serpent seized order devour .

QuestionID: fables-03-33
Answer: An Eagle swooped down upon a Serpent and seized it in his talons with the intention of carrying it off and devouring it . A countryman , who was a witness of the encounter , came to the assistance of the Eagle , and succeeded in freeing him from the Serpent and enabling him to escape .

QuestionID: fables-03-34
Answer: An Eagle swooped down upon a Serpent and seized it in his talons with the intention of carrying it off and devouring it . Heated with his exertions , the man was about to slake his thirst with a draught from the horn , when the Eagle knocked it out of his hand , and spilled its contents upon the ground .

QuestionID: fables-03-35
Answer: The eagle spilled the drinking vessel . The eagle fought with the serpent , and the serpent coiled around him .

QuestionID: fables-03-36
Answer: A countryman who owned a drinking vessel tried to help the eagle to escape . The eagle spilled the drinking vessel .

QuestionID: fables-03-37
Answer: The countryman decided to sip from the drinking vessel . The eagle escaped , and the countryman freed the eagle from the serpent .

QuestionID: fables-04-1
Answer: Her evident distress caused the sly Fox much amusement . Thus , while she enjoyed her dinner , the Fox sat by hungry and helpless , for it was impossible for him to reach the tempting contents of the vessel .

QuestionID: fables-04-2
Answer: A Fox invited a Stork to dinner , at which the only fare provided was a large flat dish of soup . Thus , while she enjoyed her dinner , the Fox sat by hungry and helpless , for it was impossible for him to reach the tempting contents of the vessel .

QuestionID: fables-04-3
Answer: The fox only served some soup in a flat and large dish . The fox lapped the soup with relish .

QuestionID: fables-04-4
Answer: The fox lapped the soup with relish . The stork presented the fox with a pitcher .

QuestionID: fables-04-5
Answer: The Fox lapped it up with great relish , but the Stork with her long bill tried in vain to partake of the savoury broth . Thus , while she enjoyed her dinner , the Fox sat by hungry and helpless , for it was impossible for him to reach the tempting contents of the vessel .

QuestionID: fables-04-6
Answer: The fox began to be hungry and began to be helpless because he was n't able to reach some food that was in the pitcher . The stork shortly invited the fox to dine .

QuestionID: fables-04-7
Answer: The stork easily fitted the long bill of the stork into the long and narrow neck of the pitcher . The stork shortly invited the fox to dine .

QuestionID: fables-04-8
Answer: Thus , while she enjoyed her dinner , the Fox sat by hungry and helpless , for it was impossible for him to reach the tempting contents of the vessel . Her evident distress caused the sly Fox much amusement .

QuestionID: fables-04-9
Answer: A Fox invited a Stork to dinner , at which the only fare provided was a large flat dish of soup . Thus , while she enjoyed her dinner , the Fox sat by hungry and helpless , for it was impossible for him to reach the tempting contents of the vessel .

QuestionID: fables-04-10
Answer: The stork attempted to drink some savory broth and failed . The fox began to be hungry and began to be helpless because he was n't able to reach some food that was in the pitcher .

QuestionID: fables-04-11
Answer: The stork easily fitted the long bill of the stork into the long and narrow neck of the pitcher . The fox began to be hungry and began to be helpless because he was n't able to reach some food that was in the pitcher .

QuestionID: fables-04-12
Answer: The fox believed that distress was amusing . A clever fox invited a stork to dine .

QuestionID: fables-04-13
Answer: The fox only served some soup in a flat and large dish . The fox believed that distress was amusing .

QuestionID: fables-04-14
Answer: The stork attempted drink savory broth failed .

QuestionID: fables-04-15
Answer: The stork attempted drink savory broth failed .

QuestionID: fables-04-16
Answer: The fox served soup flat large dish .

QuestionID: fables-04-17
Answer: The stork attempted drink savory broth failed .

QuestionID: fables-04-18
Answer: Thus , while she enjoyed her dinner , the Fox sat by hungry and helpless , for it was impossible for him to reach the tempting contents of the vessel . But not long after the Stork invited him in turn , and set before him a pitcher with a long and narrow neck , into which she could get her bill with ease .

QuestionID: fables-04-19
Answer: The Fox lapped it up with great relish , but the Stork with her long bill tried in vain to partake of the savoury broth . Thus , while she enjoyed her dinner , the Fox sat by hungry and helpless , for it was impossible for him to reach the tempting contents of the vessel .

QuestionID: fables-04-20
Answer: A Fox invited a Stork to dinner , at which the only fare provided was a large flat dish of soup . Thus , while she enjoyed her dinner , the Fox sat by hungry and helpless , for it was impossible for him to reach the tempting contents of the vessel .

QuestionID: fables-04-21
Answer: The stork presented the fox with a pitcher . The stork easily fitted the long bill of the stork into the long and narrow neck of the pitcher .

QuestionID: fables-04-22
Answer: But not long after the Stork invited him in turn , and set before him a pitcher with a long and narrow neck , into which she could get her bill with ease . The Fox lapped it up with great relish , but the Stork with her long bill tried in vain to partake of the savoury broth .

QuestionID: fables-04-23
Answer: Her evident distress caused the sly Fox much amusement . A Fox invited a Stork to dinner , at which the only fare provided was a large flat dish of soup .

QuestionID: fables-04-24
Answer: Her evident distress caused the sly Fox much amusement . A Fox invited a Stork to dinner , at which the only fare provided was a large flat dish of soup .

QuestionID: fables-04-25
Answer: The stork attempted drink savory broth failed .

QuestionID: fables-04-26
Answer: The stork presented fox pitcher .

QuestionID: fables-04-27
Answer: The stork shortly invited fox dine .

QuestionID: fables-05-1
Answer: A Farmer was greatly annoyed by a Fox , which came prowling about his yard at night and carried off his fowls . It quickly caught fire and was all burnt up , and the Farmer lost all his harvest .

QuestionID: fables-05-2
Answer: As ill-luck would have it , however , the Fox made straight for the fields where the corn was standing ripe and ready for cutting . A Farmer was greatly annoyed by a Fox , which came prowling about his yard at night and carried off his fowls .

QuestionID: fables-05-3
Answer: It quickly caught fire and was all burnt up , and the Farmer lost all his harvest . A Farmer was greatly annoyed by a Fox , which came prowling about his yard at night and carried off his fowls .

QuestionID: fables-05-4
Answer: The agriculturist set a trap and caught the fox . The agriculturist lost a crop .

QuestionID: fables-05-5
Answer: The agriculturist tied some fiber onto the tail of the fox and in order to retaliate . The agriculturist lost a crop .

QuestionID: fables-05-6
Answer: The agriculturist kindled the fiber and freed the fox . He was stealing the fowl .

QuestionID: fables-05-7
Answer: The corn ignited and burned completely . There once was a fox and a fowl .

QuestionID: fables-05-8
Answer: The agriculturist lost a crop . The fox was nightly prowling a yard .

QuestionID: fables-05-9
Answer: It quickly caught fire and was all burnt up , and the Farmer lost all his harvest . A Farmer was greatly annoyed by a Fox , which came prowling about his yard at night and carried off his fowls .

QuestionID: fables-05-10
Answer: The agriculturist set a trap and caught the fox . The fox was nightly prowling a yard .

QuestionID: fables-05-11
Answer: The agriculturist kindled the fiber and freed the fox . The fox was nightly prowling a yard .

QuestionID: fables-05-12
Answer: The agriculturist began to be unlucky because the fox ran into a field . The agriculturist lost a crop .

QuestionID: fables-05-13
Answer: The corn ignited and burned completely . The agriculturist lost a crop .

QuestionID: fables-05-14
Answer: He stealing fowl .

QuestionID: fables-05-15
Answer: The agriculturist kindled fiber freed fox .

QuestionID: fables-05-16
Answer: The agriculturist lost crop .

QuestionID: fables-05-17
Answer: The agriculturist lost a crop . The corn ignited and burned completely .

QuestionID: fables-05-18
Answer: A Farmer was greatly annoyed by a Fox , which came prowling about his yard at night and carried off his fowls . It quickly caught fire and was all burnt up , and the Farmer lost all his harvest .

QuestionID: fables-05-19
Answer: The fox was nightly prowling a yard . There once was a fox and a fowl .

QuestionID: fables-05-20
Answer: Some corn began to be ripe in the field and began to be ready to a harvest . The corn ignited and burned completely .

QuestionID: fables-05-21
Answer: Some corn began to be ripe in the field and began to be ready to a harvest . An agriculturist began to be annoyed by the fox .

QuestionID: fables-05-22
Answer: The agriculturist set a trap and caught the fox . The fox was nightly prowling a yard .

QuestionID: fables-05-23
Answer: The agriculturist set trap caught fox .

QuestionID: fables-05-24
Answer: He stealing fowl .

QuestionID: fables-05-25
Answer: The corn ignited burned completely .

QuestionID: fables-06-1
Answer: There once was a lion . The mouse ran to the lion .

QuestionID: fables-06-2
Answer: The Mouse , terrified , piteously entreated him to spare its life . said the Mouse , `` you laughed at me when I promised I would repay you : but now you see , even a Mouse can help a Lion . ''

QuestionID: fables-06-3
Answer: The idea of so insignificant a creature ever being able to do anything for him amused the Lion so much that he laughed aloud , and good-humouredly let it go . said the Mouse , `` you laughed at me when I promised I would repay you : but now you see , even a Mouse can help a Lion . ''

QuestionID: fables-06-4
Answer: One day the Lion got entangled in a net which had been spread for game by some hunters , and the Mouse heard and recognised his roars of anger and ran to the spot . A Lion asleep in his lair was waked up by a Mouse running over his face .

QuestionID: fables-06-5
Answer: One day the Lion got entangled in a net which had been spread for game by some hunters , and the Mouse heard and recognised his roars of anger and ran to the spot . Losing his temper he seized it with his paw and was about to kill it .

QuestionID: fables-06-6
Answer: There once was a lion . The mouse ran to the lion .

QuestionID: fables-06-7
Answer: A trapper spread some net in order to catch a big game . The lion entangled himself in the net .

QuestionID: fables-06-8
Answer: The lion entangled himself in the net . The mouse soon succeeded in freeing the lion .

QuestionID: fables-06-9
Answer: The lion good-naturedly freed the mouse . The lion began attacking the mouse .

QuestionID: fables-06-10
Answer: said the Mouse , `` you laughed at me when I promised I would repay you : but now you see , even a Mouse can help a Lion . '' A Lion asleep in his lair was waked up by a Mouse running over his face .

QuestionID: fables-06-11
Answer: A trapper spread some net in order to catch a big game . The lion entangled himself in the net .

QuestionID: fables-06-12
Answer: The mouse began to be extremely frightened and piteously entreated the lion to spare it . There once was a lion .

QuestionID: fables-06-13
Answer: The mouse soon succeeded in freeing the lion . The mouse ran to the lion .

QuestionID: fables-06-14
Answer: But the Mouse 's chance came , after all . The Mouse , terrified , piteously entreated him to spare its life .

QuestionID: fables-06-15
Answer: Without more ado it set to work to gnaw the ropes with its teeth , and succeeded before long in setting the Lion free . said the Mouse , `` you laughed at me when I promised I would repay you : but now you see , even a Mouse can help a Lion . ''

QuestionID: fables-06-16
Answer: The mouse heard lion roaring anger .

QuestionID: fables-06-17
Answer: The lion awaked mouse ran face lion .

QuestionID: fables-06-18
Answer: The lion sleeping lair .

QuestionID: fables-06-19
Answer: The lion entangled net .

QuestionID: fables-06-20
Answer: A trapper spread net order catch big game .

QuestionID: fables-06-21
Answer: The lion lost temper and seized the mouse with the paw of the lion . The mouse soon succeeded in freeing the lion .

QuestionID: fables-06-22
Answer: The mouse soon succeeded in freeing the lion . The mouse ran to the lion .

QuestionID: fables-06-23
Answer: Without more ado it set to work to gnaw the ropes with its teeth , and succeeded before long in setting the Lion free . said the Mouse , `` you laughed at me when I promised I would repay you : but now you see , even a Mouse can help a Lion . ''

QuestionID: fables-06-24
Answer: Without more ado it set to work to gnaw the ropes with its teeth , and succeeded before long in setting the Lion free . said the Mouse , `` you laughed at me when I promised I would repay you : but now you see , even a Mouse can help a Lion . ''

QuestionID: fables-06-25
Answer: The mouse said -- lion free mouse -- mouse would repay kindness .

QuestionID: fables-06-26
Answer: The mouse soon succeeded freeing lion .

QuestionID: fables-06-27
Answer: The lion lost temper seized mouse paw lion .

QuestionID: fables-06-28
Answer: There lion .

QuestionID: fables-06-29
Answer: There lion .

QuestionID: fables-06-30
Answer: The mouse soon succeeded freeing lion .

QuestionID: fables-07-1
Answer: There once was a thin dog . The dog was lying by the gate of a farmyard .

QuestionID: fables-07-2
Answer: A wolf jumped onto the dog and intended to eat him . The dog begged the wolf to spare the dog .

QuestionID: fables-07-3
Answer: The dog begged the wolf to spare the dog . The wolf did n't reach the dog because the dog lied down on the roof of a stable .

QuestionID: fables-07-4
Answer: The dog begged the wolf to spare the dog . The wolf called the dog and reminded him that the wolf wanted to eat the dog .

QuestionID: fables-07-5
Answer: Some time afterwards he came to the farmyard again , and found the Dog lying out of reach on the stable roof . A Dog was lying in the sun before a farmyard gate when a Wolf pounced upon him and was just going to eat him up ; but he begged for his life and said , `` You see how thin I am and what a wretched meal I should make you now : but if you will only wait a few days my master is going to give a feast .

QuestionID: fables-07-6
Answer: The Wolf thought this was a very good plan and went away . Some time afterwards he came to the farmyard again , and found the Dog lying out of reach on the stable roof .

QuestionID: fables-07-7
Answer: The Wolf thought this was a very good plan and went away . A Dog was lying in the sun before a farmyard gate when a Wolf pounced upon him and was just going to eat him up ; but he begged for his life and said , `` You see how thin I am and what a wretched meal I should make you now : but if you will only wait a few days my master is going to give a feast .

QuestionID: fables-07-8
Answer: The dog begged the wolf to spare the dog . The wolf called the dog and reminded him that the wolf wanted to eat the dog .

QuestionID: fables-07-9
Answer: The dog begged the wolf to spare the dog . The wolf did n't reach the dog because the dog lied down on the roof of a stable .

QuestionID: fables-07-10
Answer: A Dog was lying in the sun before a farmyard gate when a Wolf pounced upon him and was just going to eat him up ; but he begged for his life and said , `` You see how thin I am and what a wretched meal I should make you now : but if you will only wait a few days my master is going to give a feast . But the Dog said coolly , `` My friend , if ever you catch me lying down by the gate there again , do not wait for any feast . ''

